`azurerm_bot_channel_direct_line_speech` - support for `cognitive_service_id` (#23106)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/bot_channel_direct_line_speech.html.markdown

* `bot_name` - (Required) The name of the Bot Resource this channel will be associated with. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `cognitive_account_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the Cognitive Account.

Reviewer: we don't use the phrase `Resource ID` since it's ambigous between Azure and Terraform - can we make this:

```suggestion
* `cognitive_account_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Cognitive Account this Bot Channel should (be associated with|use|etc?).
```

Author: Updated
